Terms of Service
Updated January [tbd], 2022

Introduction

These terms and conditions (“Terms”) govern your use of Slade Rice Watkins
("Our", "We", "Us", “Website”); by using this Website, you accept these terms
and conditions in full. If you disagree with these terms and conditions or any
part of these terms and conditions, you must not use this website.

Cookies

By using this website and agreeing to these Terms, you consent to Our use of cookies, 
in accordance with the terms of Our Privacy Policy.

License to use website

Unless otherwise stated, Slade Rice Watkins and/or its licensors own the
intellectual property rights on the Website, as well as the material displayed
on the Website. Subject to the license below, all these intellectual property
rights are reserved.

You may view, download for caching purposes only, and print pages from the
website for your own personal use, subject to the restrictions set out below
and elsewhere in these Terms.

You must not, at any point:

    republish material from this website (including, but not limited to republication on another website, social media platform, or “blog”)
    sell, rent or sub-license material from the website
    show any material from the website in public without clear and proper attribution (“Credit”)
    reproduce, duplicate, copy or otherwise exploit material on this website for a commercial purpose
    edit or otherwise modify any material on the website; or
    redistribute material from this website [except for content specifically and expressly made available for redistribution].

You are free to embed, display, or otherwise utilize the content on this
Website for educational or informational purposes, so long as it is
non-commercial.

Acceptable use

You must not use this website in any way that causes, or may cause, damage to
the website or impairment of the availability or accessibility of the website;
or in any way which is unlawful, illegal, fraudulent, or harmful, or in
connection with any unlawful, illegal, fraudulent, or harmful purpose or
activity.

You must not use this website to copy, store, host, transmit, send, use,
publish or distribute any material which consists of (or is linked to) any
spyware, computer virus, Trojan horse, worm, keystroke logger, rootkit, or
other malicious computer software.

You must not conduct any systematic or automated data collection activities
(including, but not limited to: scraping, data mining, data extraction and
data harvesting) on or in relation to this website without Slade Rice
Watkins’s express written consent.

You must not use this website to transmit or send unsolicited commercial
communications.

You must not use this website for any purposes related to marketing without
Our express written consent.

Restricted access

Slade Rice Watkins reserves the right to restrict access to any areas of this
website, or indeed this entire website, at Our discretion.

If We provide you with a user ID and password (“Account”) to
enable you to access restricted areas of this Website, other content, or
Services, you must ensure that the user ID and password are kept confidential.
Information about your Account and information regarding your specific use of
our Website is encrypted by Our servers and your browser. 

We reserve the right to terminate your Account, at Our sole discretion, with
or without notice.

You may not share your Account with anyone other than yourself.

Multiple users may not at any time share an Account. Multiple users who wish
to sign up for our Services must make their own Account.

User content

In these Terms, your user content means material (including without limitation
text, images, audio material, video material and audio-visual material) that
you submit to this website, for whatever purpose.

You hereby grant to Slade Rice Watkins a worldwide, irrevocable, non-exclusive,
royalty-free license to use, reproduce, adapt, publish, translate, and/or
distribute your user content in any existing or future media.  You also grant
to Slade Rice Watkins the right to sub-license these rights, and the right to
bring an action for infringement of these rights.

Your user content must not be illegal or unlawful, must not infringe any third
party’s legal rights, and must not be capable of giving rise to legal action
whether against you or Slade Rice Watkins or a third party (in each case under
any applicable law). Slade Rice Watkins is not liable for copyright
infringement by its users on this Website and will take down any copyrighted
content and permanently ban your Account from the Website with or without
notice.

You must not submit any user content to the Website that is or has ever been
the subject of any threatened or actual legal proceedings or other similar
complaint.

Slade Rice Watkins reserves the right to edit or remove any material submitted
to this Website, or stored on Slade Rice Watkins’s servers, or hosted or
published upon this Website.

Notwithstanding Slade Rice Watkins’s rights under these Terms in relation to
user content, Slade Rice Watkins does not undertake to monitor the submission
of such content to, or the publication of such content on, this website.

No warranties

This website is provided as is without any representations or warranties,
express or implied. Slade Rice Watkins makes no representations or warranties
in relation to this website, or the information and materials provided on this
website.

Without prejudice to the generality of the foregoing paragraph, Slade Rice
Watkins does not warrant that:

    This website will be constantly available, or available at all; or
    the information on this website is complete, true, accurate or non-misleading.

Nothing on this website constitutes, or is meant to constitute, advice of any
kind.  If you require advice in relation to any [legal, financial or medical]
matter you should consult an appropriate professional.

Limitations of liability

Slade Rice Watkins will not be liable to you (whether under the law of
contact, the law of torts or otherwise) in relation to the contents of, or use
of, or otherwise in connection with, this website:

    to the extent that the website is provided free-of-charge, for any direct loss;
    for any indirect, special or consequential loss; or
    for any business losses, loss of revenue, income, profits or anticipated savings, loss of contracts or business relationships, loss of reputation or goodwill, or loss or corruption of information or data.

These limitations of liability apply even if Slade Rice Watkins has been
expressly advised of the potential loss.

Exceptions

Nothing in this website disclaimer will exclude or limit any warranty implied
by law that it would be unlawful to exclude or limit; and nothing in this
website disclaimer will exclude or limit Slade Rice Watkins’s liability in
respect of any:

    death or personal injury caused by Slade Rice Watkins’s negligence
    fraud or fraudulent misrepresentation on the part of Slade Rice Watkins
    matter which it would be illegal or unlawful for Slade Rice Watkins to exclude or limit, or to attempt or purport to exclude or limit, its liability.

Reasonableness

By using this website, you agree that the exclusions and limitations of
liability set out in this website disclaimer are reasonable.

If you do not think they are reasonable, you must not use this website.

Other parties

You accept that, as a limited liability entity, Slade Rice Watkins has an
interest in limiting the personal liability of its officers and employees.
Â You agree that you will not bring any claim personally against Slade Rice
Watkins’s officers or employees in respect of any losses you suffer in
connection with the website.

Without prejudice to the foregoing paragraph, you agree that the limitations
of warranties and liability set out in this website disclaimer will protect
Slade Rice Watkins’s officers, employees, agents, subsidiaries, successors,
assigns and sub-contractors as well as Slade Rice Watkins.

Unenforceable provisions

If any provision of this website disclaimer is, or is found to be,
unenforceable under applicable law, that will not affect the enforceability of
the other provisions of this website disclaimer.

Indemnity

You hereby indemnify Slade Rice Watkins and undertake to keep Slade Rice
Watkins indemnified against any losses, damages, costs, liabilities and
expenses (including without limitation legal expenses and any amounts paid by
Slade Rice Watkins to a third party in settlement of a claim or dispute on the
advice of Slade Rice Watkins’s legal advisers) incurred or suffered by Slade
Rice Watkins arising out of any breach by you of any provision of these Terms,
[or arising out of any claim that you have breached any provision of these
Terms].

Breaches of these Terms

Without prejudice to Slade Rice Watkins’s other rights under these Terms, if
you breach these Terms in any way, Slade Rice Watkins may take such action as
Slade Rice Watkins deems appropriate to deal with the breach, including
suspending your access to the website, prohibiting you from accessing the
website, blocking computers using your IP address from accessing the website,
contacting your internet service provider to request that they block your
access to the website and/or bringing court proceedings against you.

Variation

Slade Rice Watkins may revise these Terms from time-to-time with or without
notice. Revised Terms will apply to the use of this website from the date of
the publication of the revised Terms on this website. Please check this page
regularly to ensure you are familiar with the current version.

Assignment

Slade Rice Watkins may transfer, sub-contract or otherwise deal with Slade
Rice Watkins’s rights and/or obligations under these Terms without notifying
you or obtaining your consent.

You may not transfer, sub-contract or otherwise deal with your rights and/or
obligations under these Terms.

Severability

If a provision of these Terms is determined by any court or other competent
authority to be unlawful and/or unenforceable, the other provisions will
continue in effect. If any unlawful and/or unenforceable provision would be
lawful or enforceable if part of it were deleted, that part will be deemed to
be deleted, and the rest of the provision will continue in effect.

Entire agreement

These Terms constitute the entire agreement between you and Slade Rice Watkins
in relation to your use of this website and supersede all previous agreements
in respect of your use of this website.

Law and jurisdiction

These Terms will be governed by and construed in accordance with United States
law, and any disputes relating to these Terms will be subject to the
[non-]exclusive jurisdiction of the Courts of the United States of America
and/or the Courts of the Commonwealth of Australia.

Slade Rice Watkins’s details:

    The site owner's full name is Slade Watkins.
    Slade Watkins is located in the United States of America. We abide by US law.
    You can contact Slade Rice Watkins by emailing info@sladewatkins.com.

OFFICIAL COPYRIGHT NOTICE

Copyright © 2018-2022, Slade Rice Watkins

Ownership of copyright

The copyright in this website and the material on this website (including
without limitation the text, computer code, artwork, photographs, images,
music, audio material, video material and audio-visual material on this
website) is owned by Slade Rice Watkins and its licensors.

Copyright license

Slade Rice Watkins grants to you a worldwide non-exclusive, royalty-free, and
revocable license to:

    view this website and the material on this website on a computer or mobile device via a web browser
    copy and store this website and the material on this website in your web browser
    cache memory; and
    print pages from this website for your own personal, educational, informational and/or non-commercial use.

Slade Rice Watkins does not grant you any other rights in relation to this
website or the material on this website.  In other words, all other rights are
reserved.

For the avoidance of doubt, you must not adapt, edit, change, transform,
publish, republish, distribute, redistribute, broadcast, rebroadcast or show
or play in public this website or the material on this website (in any form or
media) for commercial purposes without Slade Rice Watkins’s prior written
permission.

Data mining

The automated and/or systematic collection of data from this website is
prohibited.

Permissions

You may request permission to use the copyright materials on this website by
writing to info@sladewatkins.com.

Enforcement of copyright

Slade Rice Watkins takes the protection of its copyright very seriously.

If Slade Rice Watkins discovers that you have used its copyright materials in
contravention of the license above, Slade Rice Watkins may bring legal
proceedings against you seeking monetary damages and an injunction to stop you
using those materials. You could also be ordered to pay legal costs.

If you become aware of any use of Slade Rice Watkins’s copyright materials
that contravenes or may contravene the license above, please report this by
email to info@sladewatkins.com.

Infringing material

If you become aware of any material on the website that you believe infringes
your or any other person’s copyright, please report this by email
to info@sladewatkins.com. We will respond within 48 hours.
